right so I'm finished all three of these
movies in one day cuz I'd never see them
and I had to see what the hype was about
these things have been breaking records
stay at trilogy already a Netflix series
I liked you for like five before they
announced an entire theme park ride well
they're clearly not made for my
demographic of cartoons they had decent
moments let me explain
so practically Dracula's run in this
hotel that he's the mr. Moseby of like
if this was the hotel from John wick
this would be the safe place for all the
monsters of every shape and science to
come chill and get away from the evil
humans of the world he's got a daughter
who's old enough to not keep her hands
to herself and she wants to go out there
and experience the real world
but Papa Drake's like I wasn't hiding my
girl from the world I was hiding the
world from my girl and he makes her
think that all humans are evil problem
is that there's this random boy who just
walks into the hotel like like he's a
grand Budapest or something it's a guy's
voice by Andy Samberg so you already
know he's gonna be a goofball but I
swear he's pretty much the cartoon
version of Jake Paul he's out in the
woods taking pictures of dead stuff
eventually he hooks up with the daughter
in the first movie by the second movie
they have a kid and while I do think
that there's funny bits gonna kill me
not as long as they think you're a
monster they also they sometimes did you
with this baloney
[Music]
obviously your boy Adam always brings us
crew with him right like if you've never
seen any of his movies pretty much every
single Adam Sandler movie is an excuse
for them to go on vacation and then they
can they can exempt it from their taxes
it's clever I'm not even hating on that
but somehow these dudes found a way to
go on vacation as cartoons in the third
one they expand the lore a little bit
for you right they show you how van
Helsing has actually been hunting them
for decades and so he supposedly died
but then his daughter Ellen degenerate
housing swears to continue the hind and
and while I know he's supposed to be the
bad guy yeah it was bogus when this dude
shows up in this ghetto rigged
wheelchair knowing good and damn well
everyone else in this movie I kid you
not
literally has Sony technology with them
I put this man in this chair in fact the
third one's all about Papa Dracula
trying to find a date you know they even
putting them on tinder since he's trying
to get zinged which zinging is what
monsters call getting a are you going
this cruise to the Bermuda Triangle of
course for this vacation and that's
where Dracula falls in love with Ellen
the captain of the ship but doesn't
realize that she's the descendent of van
Helsing
[Music]
but they zing so you know loving all
that since Dracula saves her life while
she's trying to end his they fall in
love and even housings start singing
along like a Beatle song and they live
happily ever after
humans monsters and ghouls so like I
said it's just a matter of time till we
get that switch game thank you guys for
checking out this video of course is a
small one I was just surprised I
remember when the first one came out and
it broke the record for the most help
that fall release and this was like a
kids movie and the sequel came out and
then obviously now they got a third one
so I was like I gotta check these out
and I figured of course why not make a
video for this so I'm here scenario
thoughts if you actually like the series
if you think the series is better out
there whether you should whether you
think I should cover the boss baby now
that it has a Netflix series because I
haven't covered the boss baby and the
boss baby was nominated for an Oscar I'm
curious know your thoughts down below
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you some Count
Chocula